with mercy for the greedy for my friend
Ruth who urges me to make an appointment
for the sacrament of confession
concerning your letter in which you
asked me to call a priest and in which
you asked me to wear the cross that you
enclose your own cross your dog bitten
cross no larger than a thumb small and
wooden no thorns this rose I pray to its
shadow that gray place where'd lies on
your letter deep deep I detest my sins
and I try to believe in the cross I
touch it tender hips it's dark jord face
it's solid neck it's brown sleep true
there is a beautiful Jesus he is frozen
to his bones like a chunk of beef how
desperately he wants to pull his arms in
how desperately i touch his vertical and
horizontal axis but I can't need is not
quite belief all morning long I have
worn your cross hung with package string
around my throat it tapped me likely as
a child's heart might tapping second
hand softly waiting to be born Ruth I
cherished the letter you wrote my friend
my friend I was born doing reference
work in sin and born confessing it that
is what poems are with mercy for the
greedy they are the tongues wrangle the
world's pottage the rats star
you